list OSCAR documentation first (#222)
oscar-system/oscar-website: documentation.md

title: Documentation
---

> Besides the
> <a href="https://oscar-system.github.io/Oscar.jl/dev/">documentation for the OSCAR system itself</a>,
> the following links to documentation for software projects encompassed by OSCAR
> are useful.

Reviewer: This way the link to the Oscar docs still is a bit "hidden" as it just is a link in a text that refers to other manuals. How about something more like this:
```suggestion
You can find the OSCAR manual here:
 - [for the latest development version of Oscar.jl](https://oscar-system.github.io/Oscar.jl/dev)
 - [for the latest stable release of Oscar.jl](https://oscar-system.github.io/Oscar.jl/latest)

In addition, the following links to documentation for software projects
encompassed by OSCAR are useful.
```

Author: Good idea.

Reviewer 2: Thanks, with changes just discussed verbally fine with me.
